---
layout: page
title: exam
subtitle: Design Studio Methods course - random generator and exam questions
permalink: /exam/
---
## Generate me a random number!
<iframe src="https://www.random.org/widgets/integers/iframe.php?title=True+Random+Integer+Generator&amp;buttontxt=Generate&amp;width=400&amp;height=600&amp;border=on&amp;bgcolor=%23FFFFFF&amp;txtcolor=%23777777&amp;altbgcolor=%23CCCCFF&amp;alttxtcolor=%23000000&amp;defaultmin=1&amp;defaultmax=9&amp;fixed=on" frameborder="0" width="400" height="600" style="min-height:600px;" scrolling="no" longdesc="https://www.random.org/integers/">
The numbers generated by this widget come from RANDOM.ORG's true random number generator.
</iframe>

## The exam questions
Question 1: Studying practice

Question 2: Ideation Methods

Question 3: Prototyping

Question 4: Reflective Design

Question 5: External representations

Question 6: Design Spaces

Question 7: Participatory Design

Question 8: Persuasive design and empowerment

Question 9: the Design Studio

## Exam procedure
The course is graded according to the pass/fail assessment of the oral performance and related questions in conversation with the examiner and censor.
At that exam, in order to randomize WE WILL USE RANDOM.ORG SEE ABOVE, which correlates to a question of the respective number. In the following, the possible
questions are provided including some of the supporting literature covered in
the course. The procedure is as follows:
1. Student enters room and is seated. Student may bring notes on A4
papers as well as any writing/drawing tools if needed. If you want
to bring other physical artifacts, that is fine as well, such as physical
prototypes, and physical artifacts developed in the exercises, however,
this would just be to supplement your answer or show how your work
is related.
2. Student rolls die yielding a number corresponding to a question
3. Student may present and discuss the answer to the question for a short
time to share their knowledge and demonstrate understanding. This
can be approximately 5-8 minutes, which leaves time for questioning
by censor and examiner. The entire exam should be complete in the
20 minute time slot thus censor and examiner may ask the student
to move to the question phase if the student presents for an excessive
amount of time.
4. Question period, if needed, will explore the depth of knowledge in the
topic area. If the performance is already at the level sufficient to pass,
the examiners may discuss other aspects of the course for input. Questions are permitted by censor and examiner across all topics of the
3course as needed. This is often used to explore full understanding or to
gauge depth in the topics.
5. Grade is given: pass / fail
Answers given at the exam should cover topics related to the question
using the identified literature and exercises covered in the course. The student
may choose to use examples from their project work in the course if that helps
to illustrate and explain. Additional literature is also acceptable, however,
the student is urged to base their answers primarily in the course literature